Update TB overview (#607)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/testbench/overview.asciidoc

The code above uses the page object pattern to hide the implementation details of the view from the main test logic. For more information, see <<dummy/../testbench-maintainable-tests-using-page-objects#, Creating Maintanable Test using Page Objects>>.

> TestBench supports much more complex test cases, both in relation to the business logic, and in relation to the execution of tests (e.g. executing on multiple browser instances in parallel, testing that an application works when multiple users interact simultaneously with the same view/data and comparing that the main view of the application still looks like the pregenerated reference screenshot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TestBench supports much more complex test cases, both in relation to the business logic and execution of tests.
For example, you can execute tests on multiple browser instances in parallel.
Doing so allows testing that the application works as expected when multiple users interact simultaneously with the same view or data.
```
